is this another Vision Pro video uh yes
yeah just it's a good one though I
promise yeah mhm I'm sure no okay so
I've been thinking a lot about what a
second generation Vision Pro might look
like but didn't this literally just came
out no I know but okay so obviously
there are a lots of other VR headsets
but there are lots of things that got
way more interesting about this one
joining the market and I if you compare
this to those this is missing stuff
right but that is also the most
expensive ones yeah yeah yeah it it's if
there are things that the quest 3 does
that if the Vision Pro did it it would
feel like it's a revolutionary change to
this thing it's a good video I swear all
right I'll allow
it this doesn't work though you can't
okay fine
anyway so I don't think division Pro is
going to be an every single year product
update like the iPhone I think it's
going to be one of those that's like
every couple of years you stack up
enough Tech updates every once in a
while and it's worthy of a new
generation and it's a bigger deal when
it comes out by the way that's how a lot
of other VR headsets have been the quest
3 came out like 3 years after the Quest
2 and the psvr2 came out like six years
after the first one so in a sense this
this is already very early thoughts but
it's been out for a little bit and we're
really starting to get a sense of where
people are using it and how people are
getting the most value out of it and let
me tell you A lot of people are
definitely still not convinced on the
whole VR or Vision Pro thing at all like
it's an interesting product for sure but
it just doesn't do much and I started
having those thoughts immediately as
soon as I started testing this thing
just all sorts of missing stuff that I
would like it to do so this is all those
things in one place so probably the
biggest thing that you've noticed if
you've been familiar with the VR headset
world or used any any other VR headset
before is the Vision Pro is missing
shared experiences like you are always
so alone in this headset like meaning
there are lots of other great super
immersive experiences and you can be
productive and you can watch a movie but
no matter what's happening you're always
alone even if you have past through on
nobody else can see what you see and so
it's basically impossible to share what
you're experiencing without you know
mirroring everything on an iPad or
something like that now FaceTime is
close it's it's one thing but I'm
talking about sharing one virtual space
with more than one person or seeing the
same virtual environment at the same
time with multiple people or or seeing
the same virtual object from two
different perspectives at the same time
you ever play recck room it's one of the
it's one of the oldest but most fun
games on The Meta Quest it's just so
simple you're just out there having fun
but it's a bunch of people running
around a room or an environment to
different game areas where they can jump
into an experience and play a game
together so in that digital space you
look around and see other people and I
use people with air quotes but you see
them they see you and and you can see
the same environment from different
angles at the same time and explore it
together it doesn't even have to be
super realistic or high resolution or
convince you that it's another reality
but it's just way more social and
interactive and that way but on Apple
Vision Pro aside from FaceTime really
all the other experiences it's just you
in there solo like there's nobody else
in there so no matter what you're doing
no matter how immersive the movie is or
no matter how good the game is around
you you're in there by yourself and
nobody else can see what you're seeing
like just here's a basic example how
sick would it be if you and the person
next to you on a plane could sync up
your experiences and both watch the same
movie in a virtual theater
at the same time simple as that or maybe
if you were manipulating a 3D object in
space wouldn't it make a ton of sense
for someone else to be able to share
that object with you so that they can
see how you're manipulating it like it
feels like it just makes too much sense
I told you guys about that sky guide app
which has like you know you look up and
there's all the stars and the
constellations and it shows you where
they're all supposed to be it is pretty
awesome funny enough there's a laser
pointer feature that lets you point a
laser pointer at the sky and like circle
around and point at things and draw
things but still nobody can see what
you're pointing at with the laser even
if they have a Vision Pro so there are
two basic types of shared experiences
that it would just be great for Apple to
add to this thing the first one is two
different people with vision Pros are in
the same room with pass through on and
one of them drops a virtual object into
that room and the other can see it at
the same time manipulate the object they
can see it as well great the other is
two different people with vision Pros in
different places halfway across the
world doesn't matter they both turn on
or join the same virtual environment and
can see it at the same
time as of right now I believe the first
one is harder because the way these
headsets work with the pass through
basically in real time they are mapping
the volume of space around you with the
sensors on the front of it the surfaces
the walls the floor the objects around
you and everything that's how Vision OS
is able to lock your apps floating in 3D
space and how it's casting Shadows onto
different surfaces in your room with
decent accuracy but there's no guarantee
that if you're in a room with someone
else who also has a headset on that both
your headsets are mapping the room in
the exact same way like maybe I place an
object into space but your headset
doesn't see space there so it's confused
or it doesn't map my hands or or any
what I'm manipulating in the exact same
way it's just not exactly guaranteed to
be the same but the other kind just
sharing a virtual environment someone
builds with anyone anywhere in the world
seems like a no-brainer like being able
to watch a movie in a virtual movie
theater with someone else who also gets
a seat in that movie theater playing an
obvious multiplayer game in the same
environment like this stuff is is pretty
basic with VR I love multiplayer table
tennis in the quest it's one of my
favorite shared VR experiences you can
play against people anywhere else in the
world there's all kinds of other
multiplayer games like this in VR that
is a huge part of the VR Gaming
experience and I just wonder why this
doesn't have that yet seems like a huge
huge thing especially and I know you
know Apple has environments that they
built in but and they're massive and
high resolution but you can only move a
little bit before you're out of the Play
Zone if you will it's it's fascinating I
wonder if that's something to do with
the way Apple thinks about these
environments nevertheless what I know is
that's the number one missing feature on
the Vision Pro that I'd love to see in a
second gen now the other big one that
stands out to me is if I want to use
Vision Pro a lot in let's say multiple
just two different
locations home and work I wish that it
had a memory of all the windows and apps
that I leave open in each Place See
Vision Pro is actually already amazing
at this in one space it's seriously
incredible windows stay locked to where
you leave them as it live Maps its way
around your space so you can pin
something to a wall and then walk around
and pin something to another wall or
just in the middle of the room leave the
room come back they're still there I
even try it ready for this I pinned a
window right here between these two cars
in the parking lot then I turned and
walked away just left it behind me in
the parking lot walked inside walked all
the way down this long hallway totally
out of sight around another Corner into
the studio and sure enough that window
is still right there where I left it
between those spaces in the parking lot
the only thing holding it back from
being nearly perfect is occlusion
basically the only thing that ever gets
between the window and you is your own
arms and hands which is usually totally
fine but if you have something like
around a corner it doesn't put the wall
in between you and the window which is
where it should be so sometimes it gets
a little wonky but overall 9 out of 10
already really cool but the second it
gets dinged is when you want to do this
in more than one space so let's say at
home I've set up all these sweet
monitors I've got a virtual TV in one
room and a game and some windows all
over the walls or whatever cool I pack
it up I drive here to the studio and I
put it on and the second I start opening
apps here they have to disappear from
home they basically disappear from any
other space and open in your new space
so there is no memory of different older
spaces so when I go back home my windows
are all going to be gone and I'll have
to set them each individually up again
not a huge deal but if it had a memory
wouldn't that just make sense I wonder
if you could set up like little beacons
like all it really probably needs is
like a QR code or some visual identifier
but basically you get home you put the
headset on it sees the beacon and then
it goes oh I'm at home and then it puts
your windows all the way up where it
already knows you usually have them for
work and so you basically just kick back
on the couch put the headset on and you
don't have to reset up each window in
all the same placees you want it every
single time it just remembers that that
would be sick those two features alone I
think would make a dramatic update to
how often I realistically would use
Vision Pro just I don't know if that
requires some Vision OS software update
or if you need more compute to do things
like more memory of locations or shared
Computing spaces but that's that's the
giant things that I think are missing
from it that would be awesome then the
rest of the stuff on my list anyway is
maybe a little more icing on the cake
like here's another one I think probably
99 99% of people who buy a Vision Pro
have an iPhone I think that's pretty SI
it might be 100 but I I think that's a
reasonable assumption and I I found it
interesting I think a lot of people
assume that it'll just connect to the
iPhone and they think that they'll be
able to see their phone notifications
straight away on the Vision Pro but it's
not it's a separate device like a Mac or
an iPad so yeah it'll show you iMessage
stuff cuz that's everywhere but it is a
separate device but you know the obvious
difference is like a Mac or an iPad when
you put on a headset well now you're
wearing a headset so if I were to get a
phone call on my
iPhone I couldn't necessarily even see
that I'm getting a phone call out there
is no notification for it in the Vision
Pro and I I'm going to have to take the
headset off to even see it coming and
accept that phone call so it would be
nice to have an option where these two
things talk to each other a little
better just a little maybe a little hub
for just my smartphones notifications
over to the the side if I want to check
them I think it makes sense they
probably won't do that though but here's
a number for you
3,386 that is the pixel density of the
vision Pros displays it's kind of a
ridiculous number over 3,000 pixels per
inch each so there's been some tear
Downs I'll link some below the like
button you can see them up close they
are incredibly sharp so that and the
high refresh rate and minimal distortion
all contribute to a pass through and
just everything feeling so real but the
number I'd actually like to improve is
92 so the uh the vision Pros displays
show 92% of the DCI P3 color gamut
pretty good coverage like for a display
that's honestly pretty good the
reference grade display that is like the
pro display xcr for example that'll show
you 99% of DCI 3 so again it's it's for
a display a pretty great number but the
thing about a VR headset is
it's it's replacing your eyes like it
the pass through is pretty good for what
it is but without getting too
complicated 100% coverage of dcip P3 is
about 50% coverage of all of the colors
that the human eye can see so this
headset looks great and it's very sharp
but it's only showing me a little less
than half of the colors of reality so I
wonder how much they can improve that
because the human eye is OB obvously
insane it has crazy dynamic range and
fiated rendering and great sharpness and
all that fun stuff but you know Apple's
been really good at a lot of displays
for a long time and these are some
incredible displays so field of view
wider please but also yeah just
generally more color would be
interesting there's lots of other little
things that are obvious like weight
reduction please of course um higher
quality screen recording is a niche
little request of mine but I think would
help a lot for people trying to make
videos with these things uh also even
more
specific keyboard pass through while in
an environment so you're an environment
you're typing you've got your virtual
Mac display and if it can see and
recognize my hands after a scan I think
it would be nice if you could also build
in a feature to scan your keyboard or
recognize the keyboard of your MacBook
just cuz it's going to look the same
every time kind of like my hands all
that being said I'm sure there are more
things that are people you know thinking
about on their lists but let me know
what you think about Apple Vision Pro
Gen 2 maybe leave your wish list in the
comments below thanks for watching catch
you guys in the next one
peace